They were going to move it upstairs.
"Not expressly stated."
Five letters, second one is an "A."
How about "tacit"?
No wonder I haven't finished crosswords
since you moved in with Max.
How is he, by the way?
-I wouldn't know. We broke up.
-What? How did I not know?
-When did he move out?
-He didn't. His parents own the place.
I'm staying on the pullout in the office.
-You're sleeping in your restaurant?
-It's just temporary.
Come sleep on my couch.
I'll help you binge-eat past Max.
And you can help me figure out
the three-letter word for:
-"It has benefits."
-[door opens]
[dramatic music playing]
-Uh... Give me a minute?
-Mm-hm.
[cell phone ringing]
This is Park.
[speaking indistinctly]
[Park] Yes. Of course.
Sir, I'm sorry. Can you hold
for just one moment?
Hey, everything okay?
-Landlord troubles. Story of my life.
-Didn't look like landlord trouble.
J-O-B.
Three across. "It has benefits."
The answer is "job." Go do yours.
[scoffs] I'll call you tonight.
Agent Park.
Why is it the really wealthy
always want to own a restaurant?
I'm sure for some it has a lot to do
with glad-handing and backslapping.
For me, it was sort of a friend in need.
Now it's a project. We're expanding.
And this, an office, with a stove and
a walk-in. Hungry? I could make an omelet.
-No, thank you, I ate.
-Coffee?
Cooper's tied up at Main Justice.
He said you had a case.
What do you know about
the Nuremberg trials?
Military tribunals after World War II.
Allied Forces prosecuting
Nazi leadership for war crimes.
They gave the devil his day in court
and invented
simultaneous translation to do it.
Are you giving me a case
or a history lesson?
If it weren't for the Allies' desire
to give Göring a fair trial,
the Wellstone Agency might not exist.
In fact, it doesn't exist,
not officially, and yet its services
have made thousands of illicit
business transactions possible.
-A translation service for crooks.
-Crime is a global trade.
Criminals need to communicate,
and that requires
interpreters they can trust.
The Wellstone Agency provides just that.
A bunch of translators.
I believe Agent Keen
recently acquired Wellstone's services.
If we find the interpreter she used,
we may be able to find her.
Why come to us? You're a criminal.
Haven't you used this company?
I have.
But my point person and I
recently had a falling out.
And without him, I have no way
to reach the senior leadership.
I need your help
to get inside the company.
Have you considered
simply leaving Keen alone?
Taking a breath
to consider your role in all this.
Harold isn't in the meeting, is he?
[cell phone buzzing]
[Park] No. I came here to tell you
I think what you're doing is wrong.
You're making things worse
by pursuing her.
It's Paula. Glen's mother.
She says she needs to see you.
Says it's urgent.
Agent Park, next time you feel
the urge to unburden yourself,
you can rest assured,
I've heard it all before.
It's a luxury to stand
on the moral high ground
and critique those of us
on the low ground.
A lot of people do exactly that.
-Until they need my help.
-I'll never ask for your help.
And yet here I am asking for yours.
The Wellstone Agency.
It's the next name on the Blacklist.
According to Reddington, the agency's
inner workings are cloaked in secrecy.
Their interpreters are kept in the dark
as to who runs the organization.
So how do they communicate?
Through dispatchers
who contact the criminal parties,
arrange payments and assign interpreters.
The dispatch has all the information.
The interpreters know nothing.
Reddington's lost contact
with his dispatch.
-What's our in?
-His interpreter.
Wellstone relies on
its interpreters for referrals.
It's how they recruit translators.
Reddington's interpreter
will refer someone we pick?
And that person
gets brought in and vetted,
giving him a window to access the system
and get the name
of the interpreter Keen used.
Maybe the name of who
she was negotiating with, and for what.
[Cooper] Normally, I'd reach out
to Language Analysis.
What our interpreter learns
may compromise Keen.
So I want to keep this in-house.
-I only speak English.
-I speak Korean.
-Does sign language count?
-Definitely not.
Then I'm down to six.
You speak six languages?
Not including Latin,
which I doubt would come in handy
unless the criminal
I interpreted for was the Pope.
-Imagine that confessional.
-[Cooper] Park, reach out to Reddington.
Tell him Aram's going in
and to arrange a meeting with his contact.
Ressler, start laying
the groundwork for a cover story.
As if I'm not already asking you
to do too much, try and open this drive.
-Okay. Is this about a case?
-Not sure.
Which is why I need you
to keep this between us.
Nobody knows, especially Reddington.
[knocking on door]
-Paula! Hi!
-Steven!
Got your message. Is everything all right?
Oh, thanks for coming. Hello, Bill.
Oh, the girls and I were
just tasting the cakes. Come in.
Oh, would either of you
like a slice of cake?
Um...
Lemon, carrot and pink champagne?
No, thank you. Maybe later.
What are we celebrating, Paula?
Maybe you boys should sit down.
Is Glen here?
Glen... transitioned.
I don't know what that means.
He died.
What? What do you mean?
From West Nile.
[stammers] Oh, come on. [laughs]
Come on. If this is one of Glen's
dreadful practical jokes--
I would have gotten in touch sooner,
but I have been so busy
with the planning and the party.
He didn't want
no regular funeral, you know.
Jelly Bean wanted his friends
to send him off with a real shindig.
A potluck with dancing.
And Huey, of course.
West Nile?
Paula, I am so sorry.
Thank you, Bill.
-When did this happen?
-A bit over two weeks ago.
I know. I should have called,
but you slipped my mind.
And then Trudy and I were going through
some of their dirty letters
and we found this.
[somber music playing]
I was halfway inclined to open it,
but you were his friend,
and I want to respect his wishes.
He didn't send me no letter.
Hey, what do you think about Luke
bringing his chicken tater bake?
I think it could be real popular.
I can't believe this is happening.
Boys, I gotta go.
There is too much to do
before Huey gets here.
But do come to the party.
Jelly would want you there,
tomorrow at 7 at the DMV.
And don't forget to bring
a covered dish and your own tableware.
What the hell?
[dramatic music playing]
-She was lucky to get out.
-Jenna. Hey.
I came as soon as I got your text.
-What happened?
-Fire in the kitchen.
The smoke alarm didn't work.
The doctors are prepping for surgery.
But she's gonna be okay?
They--
They don't know.
Hey. Talk to me.
What's going on?
Last year, we fell behind
at the restaurant.
The banks wouldn't touch us.
So Melissa went to a local guy for help.
-You borrowed from a loan shark?
-It did help for a while.
But this month... It's the fourth payment
we missed in six months.
This is the guy who came yesterday.
He did this to Melissa.
I knew it was dangerous not to pay,
but I didn't think they'd do this.
What's his name?
He works with other people.
-They'll come for us.
-That won't happen.
I promise.
Let me take care of this.
She was living there.
Melissa, the daughter.
-You gonna arrest me? For what?
-Loan-sharking, arson, attempted murder.
I don't know where you got
your information from,
but nobody would be stupid enough
to point the finger at me.
Is that a threat?
Did you threaten my witness?
Take it easy.
-That's sure as hell how it sounded.
-[dialing]
Honestly, the gall!
After all I've already done for him?
All the jobs, the attention paid.
All the time spent suffering his antics.
All the money--
That ridiculous sports car.
He was a civil servant.
How could he explain all that stuff?
The money and all.
I understand that.
But why is it somehow my job to help
explain away the fortune I paid him?
-He had to say something.
-Something, yes.
But the man told everyone he knew
that he was Huey Lewis' muse.
How, in any stretch of the imagination,
does that explain
his crazy, extravagant lifestyle?
What, Huey Lewis
bought him a red Mercedes?
Does Huey Lewis even have a muse?
Did Glen really tell his mother
Huey would attend?
"This friendship with Huey
has always accounted for everything.
My travels to Europe and Bangkok,
all the cash, the cars,
everything in Vegas."
I can't even.
"Even the absence of any other
long-term relationship
over the last 30 years,
Huey is, in a word, the reason."
Two words.
"Which is why his failure
to attend my memorial
would be seen as a snub so great
that I'm afraid it may send Mother
into a heartbroken tailspin
which she may never recover from."
-I mean--
-Mm. Talk about the power of love.
How is this possible?
It's as if he's reaching up from the grave
to torment and abuse me one last time.
Raymond, Glen needs you.
To do what?
To bird-dog some pop star to inform him
that his most beloved songs
were inspired by his bromance
with a clerk from the DMV?
He needs you to convince Huey
to come to his memorial.
Well, I'm not doing it.
It's his dying wish.
No. It's one of his dying wishes.
-What's the other?
-Forget it.
What does it say?
[dramatic music playing]
Ah. "Mother wants to place
my remains on her mantle.
I don't like the idea of spending
my days looking down on Mother,
so I want you to abscond
with my ashes and spread them."
Spread them where?
"I want to spend eternity
at the glorious feet
of that grand dame,
the Statue of Liberty."
I don't think it's legal
to spread ashes on Liberty Island.
It doesn't matter
because I'm not doing it.
I'm not lying to Paula
or spreading his ashes.
-[cell phone buzzing]
-And I'm certainly not
hunting down Huey Lewis
or begging him to come
to Glen's potluck memorial.
Jesus.
-What is it?
-It's Glen's mom.
She's asking if you can
bake a tray of scotcheroos.
-They're short on desserts.
-Okay.
Raymond, you know we have to do this.
-For Glen.
-[sighs]
[somber music playing]
See if you can find Mr. Lewis' address.
But I'm not breaking into the
Statue of Liberty to spread Glen's ashes.
Stealing from Wellstone
is a terrible idea.
But Reddington's made it clear
I have to get you inside the company.
So let me be blunt. I'm not your friend.
I think that this is a suicide mission.
And the only reason I'm helping you
is so that we don't both end up dead.
Okay, let me try and say this
back to you. I take the pill.
I black out.
Then I wake up in the custody
of people I don't know,
for a test I might pass, in the hopes
I get the job instead of getting killed?
-I told you it's a bad idea.
-If I could just get to--
-It won't work.
-All I need is one client's translator.
-They have to have logs--
-You're not listening.
These people run a criminal enterprise.
They traffic in secrets.
To protect those secrets,
they won't hesitate to kill you, or me,
or anyone they think is a liability.
[dramatic music playing]
It's your funeral.
[Aram grunts]
Welcome back, Mr. Stone.
Did you have a nice rest?
I, uh... don't remember getting here.
My name is Miss Jessica.
I'm here to discuss
the matrix of tests we'll administer
-to see if you're a Wellstone candidate.
-"Matrix of tests"?
-What tests?
-I'm so glad you asked.
We'll begin with
a polygraph-augmented consultation.
Baseline questions. Work profile.
Personal history.
Relevant experience
and potential conflicts.
We'll follow with an aptitude test
and behavioral inquiry.
We'll gauge the strength
of your language of expertise.
Dialects, prose,
vocabulary and expression.
[speaking Urdu]
We'll audit that with some mock sessions.
Scripted scenarios
based on actual encounters
to test neutrality,
composure and patience.
[Aram speaking German]
Before all that, I do want to stress,
our primary objective
at Wellstone is privacy.
Without discretion, we can't protect
our clients, ourselves or you.
So, Mr. Stone, can you be discreet?
[in English] Yes. I'm Mr. Discreet.
[knocking on door]
-You wanted to see me?
-The arrest that you made earlier.
Uh, Mason Dieterle.
He burned down my friend's restaurant.
I just got off the phone
with the AUSA reviewing the case.
He told me your friend
passed away from her injuries.
I'm sorry.
[emotional music playing]
He also told me
that he declined to file charges
for either arson or attempted murder.
What? Why? He burned down
that diner. This was arson.
AUSA said he didn't have
any evidence to prove that.
Can you prove that Dieterle
was responsible for that fire?
Do you have a witness? A print
on a can of gasoline or accelerant?
-No, I just thought that--
-That's the problem.
You didn't think. You reacted.
Dieterle was arraigned
on a loan-sharking charge
and made bail 20 minutes ago.
I'm concerned, Alina.
You have a history
of acting on your anger,
at times letting your emotions
get the better of you.
Now your friend is dead,
and the man that you think is responsible
is back on the street.
Promise me you will not
do anything about that.
Do I have your word?
Yes. You do.
Mr. Lewis, I just want
to say it's a privilege
and a great pleasure to meet you.
I appreciate that. Thank you very much.
Thank you for agreeing to see me.
I take it you're something
of a culinary man. I love to cook.
-Uh, to be honest, Mr. Homan--
-Steve, please.
Okay. To be honest, Steve, I only agreed
because my manager insisted.
Oh, I did Jerry a favor once.
Well, a friend of Jerry's.
Must have been quite a favor.
[laughing]
-Can I get you something? Coffee?
-No, no, no. Thank you.
I don't want to take up any more
of your time than necessary.
-Mm-hm.
-I'm here
because a dear friend
of mine passed away recently.
-Pillar of his community.
-Mm-hm.
Loved his mother. Paula.
Wonderful, wonderful woman.
And he--
Well, he absolutely cherished your music.
-He knew every word of every song.
-Oh.
Really.
Now, I realize it's a bit of a long shot,
but I was wondering if you might consider,
for a price, of course,
might consider
attending his memorial service...
at the Rockville, Maryland DMV.
It's tonight, 7 p.m.
The DMV?
Yes. Glen was regional manager.
Did Jerry know that this is
what you wanted to ask me?
As I said, uh,
I sort of did him a favor once.
To play the funeral
of some guy at the DMV?
Regional manager.
You do know that Quincy Jones
asked me to sing on "We Are the World."
A stirring performance.
And a great honor and tribute.
Love of your fellow man and all that.
Not entirely unlike the love a son
might have for his mother.
A desire to make her proud,
to impress her.
-Mm-hm.
-Things were said through the years.
I think he--
He told his mother he inspired you
to record "Workin' for a Livin'"
after a game of beer pong
in the back of a bar in Teaneck.
She believed him?
Believed him? Oh, no. No.
[stammering]
To her, it would make perfect sense
that her son was singularly responsible
for your legendary song.
And that you, who benefitted
from her son's inspiration,
would want more than anything to show up
at his memorial service
to pay your respects.
Okay. [laughing]
Is this a joke?
Did Ralphie put you up to this?
I am so sorry. I mean it,
you can name your price.
-To play the Rockville DMV?
-No, you don't have to play.
Just show up. Say a few words.
Plus, if you do, I'll owe you a favor.
I'm a good person to have in your debt.
So you'll do whatever I ask?
-Absolutely.
-Great.
I'm gonna ask you to leave.
I got an interview across town in an hour.
I gotta eat, get ready.
I don't want to be late.
Sorry. You have to go.
Thank you, Mr. Stone.
Miss Jessica will be with you momentarily.
Okay.
[suspenseful music playing]
Yes.
This is certainly unexpected.
That is what I thought.
-What happened to being discreet?
-Excuse me?
I was waiting for you
when I spilled my soda.
Then I came to your desk for a tissue,
when I found this on your computer.
Is this how this works?
-I don't follow.
-All of you people are putting me
through a matrix of tests
to find out if you can trust me,
and yet you carelessly leave
this client profile open on your laptop?
What if I were an FBI agent, undercover,
and saw the profile of this guy, this...
Alexander Frayne.
This is sloppy. I don't like it.
-My assistant--
-It doesn't matter.
This is lazy, unprofessional.
I'm sorry that this has shaken
your confidence in us, Mr. Stone.
I do hope you'll reconsider.
-Reconsider?
-The job.
You passed with flying colors.
If you'll have us, we'd like
to welcome you to Wellstone.
[cell phone buzzing]
Harold, please give me good news.
-Agent Mojtabai got a name.
-Liz's interpreter was Alexander Frayne.
Works in D.C.
for the U.N. Human Rights Council.
We've notified MPD.
Units are en route to him now.
[phone ringing]
-This is Alexander.
-[Raymond] Mr. Frayne, you have a problem.
-I've got lots of them. Who is this?
-Someone who can offer you a way out.
The FBI knows you moonlight
for the Wellstone Agency
and the MPD are
on their way to arrest you.
-They're here.
-Make your way to Dupont Circle.
Look for a black Mercedes.
Northwest corner of Connecticut Avenue.
[dramatic music playing]
-Hello, Mr. Frayne.
-Who are you?
-Why are you helping me?
-Quid pro quo, Alexander.
You interpreted a meeting between
this woman and another party.
I need to know who she met
and what they talked about.
I can't help you.
[Raymond] Let me rephrase.
No, no. Wait. Um...
I'm not saying I won't help.
I'm saying I can't.
-I don't know who he was.
-You facilitated their conversation.
He was Bosnian.
But they don't give out names.
She paid 700 grand for a manila envelope.
I never saw what was inside.
Who has the names?
The head of the company, I guess.
I don't even know who that is.
But if you send
the right message, he'll get it.
Your contact at Wellstone, call them.
Say you have a situation.
Let them know
Raymond Reddington wants to help.
[cell phone chimes]
Jenna, nothing's gonna happen to you.
I promised you'd be okay.
I said I'd take care of it. I will.
[Park] I just came to talk.
You sent men to Jenna's apartment?
[grunting]
You didn't have to do that.
I told you, I just wanted to talk.
[phone beeps, then dials]
[line ringing]
Hey.
It's Agent Park.
Something's happened.
I need your help.
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello?
-What the hell did you do?
-Jorgensen?
-They know about us.
-The company knows there's a mole.
-Uh...
What are you talking about?
They think the FBI's onto them.
I told you this was a mistake.
And now I've got a target
on my back because of you.
[Aram] I gotta call you back.
Is, uh... something wrong?
Come with me.
The Colonel would like to see you.
["No Turning Back" playing]
♪ The air is still ♪
Reddington. I told him
we were going to pick up Frayne.
Now Frayne's gone.
Reddington got there first.
[Ressler] But we sent agents.
Wellstone knows someone outed Frayne.
[Cooper] Aram?
[Ressler] I already called.
He's not picking up.
♪ There's no turning back ♪
Oh, finally!
Oh.
Uh, hello.
The Colonel here lost
his hearing as a child.
Nasty case of meningitis.
The Colonel. The man
who runs Wellstone is deaf?
Indeed. The head of the company
that provides translation
needs a translator to be understood.
In this case, you. So, please, sit.
♪ How long ♪
♪ How long will we last? ♪
[Aram] You prevented the arrest
of one of my translators.
You had him inform his contact
that there was a problem
in the company you could solve.
Yes. You have a mole.
Tell him he has a leak
that puts us both at risk.
[Aram] No. Impossible.
It's why Mr. Frayne was nearly pinched
and why the FBI knew where to find him.
-[Aram] There is no leak.
-[Raymond] There is a mole.
And he works for the FBI.
He led them to Frayne,
which means he can lead them to you.
Now, you can be stubborn about it
and wait for the feds to show up,
or you can do exactly as I say
and live happily ever after.
-[Aram] You know who the mole is?
-Yes.
He's a federal agent
working undercover as an interpreter.
♪ How long? ♪
♪ There's no turning back ♪
[Aram] What do you want me to do?
First, delete my file now,
before the feds arrive.
Second, in exchange for giving you
a way out, a new identity, I want a name.
Last week, a woman using the name
Carolyn Givens hired Wellstone.
I want to know who she met with.
♪ How long ♪
♪ How long will we last? ♪
I can read. [grunts]
[Aram] Wait. The mole. I need his name.
Why? It's over. He won.
Killing him won't change the fact
that you need to come with me now.
[ominous music playing]
I need to know a name.
If you don't give me one, I'll kill him.
Either because he's the mole...
or to set an example of
what happens when you betray me.
Normally, I'm a big believer
in example-setting.
But I specifically
requested your newest interpreter
because the leaks pre-date
his employment at Wellstone.
He's not the mole.
And we need to go now.
[Aram] Okay, what do you mean
he recorded the conversation?
[Cooper] Evidently,
Reddington was wearing a wire.
One we'll tell the Justice Department
that you were wearing.
-You think we can make a case?
-I do.
A lot of Wellstone employees
and clients will go to prison.
Not the owner.
Mr. Reddington promised the Colonel
he'd help him escape
for the name of the person Liz met with.
-[Park] You didn't see his name?
-[Aram] I didn't.
Adin Markovic.
He's a Bosnian bounty hunter.
Keen used Wellstone to hire him.
-Reddington told you the name? Why?
-Because we're on the same team.
He knows we have to work together
to bring Keen home safely.
Adin Markovic, this bounty hunter,
we'll see what we can find on him.
[Cooper] Agent Park.
I spoke with the AUSA.
There's been a development
involving your friend's death.
It appears Dieterle is missing.
[dramatic music playing]
Will you help?
Alina, you promised me you wouldn't do
anything to Dieterle. I need to know.
Did you break that promise?
No, sir.
Mr. Cooper.
Mr. Cooper, um, about this drive
you wanted me to decrypt. Uh...
I can't. I reached out
to a friend at the NSA.
-Do you trust him?
-I do.
Because if he tells anyone about this,
his life could be in jeopardy.
Keep me posted.
Yes, sir.
[up-tempo pop music playing]
[chuckling]
Raymond.
You have to tell Paula he's not coming.
Oh...
He gets her hopes up
and I have to be the one to dash them.
Glen at his finest.
Oh, my God! Oh, my God! Oh, my God!
You came!
I brought the scotcheroos--
Hello!
[Huey] Oh. You must be Paula.
Glen told me so much about you.
But, oh my gosh, you're even
more beautiful than he described.
[Paula laughing]
Glen, he was one of the good ones.
-One of the unusual ones, for sure.
-[all laughing]
[Huey] But, you know, that guy
could always brighten my day.
I remember when
we were recording our third album,
Johnny had written this great progression.
He had a bit of melody.
And it was up to me to come up
with the lyric and I couldn't do it.
I tried and tried and I was stuck.
I couldn't come up with anything.
I remember Glen came over.
We went out for chili dogs, of course.
And I just broke down about this song.
I told him, "I don't know what to do.
This is super important.
If we don't have a hit with this album,
the label's gonna drop us."
Glen put his hand on my arm, and
looked me dead in the eye, and he said:
"Hey, if this is it, this is it."
[all laughing]
[Huey] And boom, there it was.
That lyric in that song.
I mean...
This is what Glen did.
He was like a muse to me.
And I loved him.
But he wouldn't want us
bawling all over the place.
He'd want us to have a good time.
Like Glen used to say,
"We're not here for a long time,
-we're here for a good time."
-[crowd chuckling]
-Raise a glass, or a chicken wing...
whatever you got,
because tonight we celebrate my muse.
Tonight, we celebrate Jelly Bean
and his big old heart.
[all cheering]
["We're Not Here for a Long Time
(We're Here for a Good Time)" playing]
♪ There's a party down on the corner ♪
♪ Do you want to go? ♪
♪ They got rhythm, a little blues ♪
♪ And a whole lot of soul ♪
♪ I don't care what you've got to say ♪
♪ You're comin' with me anyway ♪
♪ We're not here for a long time ♪
-What are you doing?
-Oh, my goodness.
I can't believe you came.
-Thank you. Thank you, Mr. Lewis.
-Didn't hurt a bit.
-What happened? What changed your mind?
-You did.
Mr. Reddington.
-You spoke to Jerry.
-Yeah.
I gotta know, because I can't get
my head around it.
Why in the world is Raymond Reddington
running errands for a DMV desk clerk?
Regional manager.
Yeah, but why is this guy so special
that the world's most wanted fugitive
is arranging his memorial service?
People often hide from me.
Glen was good at finding them.
I didn't ask you what he did.
I asked what made him special.
That's a bit more complicated.
I'm sure it is.
I'm sure it's incredibly complicated,
and weird and strange.
-But... I like weird and strange.
-Ah.
You said I could ask for any favor.
That's the favor.
You want me to tell you about
how weird and strange Glen was?
I want to hear your eulogy.
I want Raymond Reddington to tell me
what was weird, and strange, and beautiful
about the regional manager
of the Rockville DMV.
You know who I am.
I can do some very big favors.
[chuckles]
Trust me, I thought about asking you
to scare the bejesus
out of my pal Bruce Hornsby.
That'd have been good. But the truth is,
you can't do a bigger favor
than revealing somebody's heart and soul.
No. I don't suppose you can.
Yeah. I did my part. I gave my eulogy.
And in exchange,
I'd like to hear your version.
Mr. Lewis. Big fan.
Thanks.
What? What is that?
The remains of a Great Dane.
We're friends with a vet.
He works at a shelter where they cremate
pets who have to be put down.
But I told you I won't steal his ashes.
And I know you well enough to know
that in the end you probably would.
I'm sorry, but what's going on with all
the beans, and the baggies and the ashes?
I'll explain everything on the way.
♪ Let's have a good time ♪
Okay. [chuckles]
Here we are.
-Glen.
-Right.
Glen.
Glen was...
so many different things.
A son.
A civil servant.
Proud member of the Spare Me bowling team.
Two-time runner-up
at the Southern Regional Tournament.
And a great, a truly great tracker.
But he was--
Oh, brother.
He was a lot more than that.
Glen was...
infuriating.
Insulting.
Just so maddening.
He was a hedonist, chauvinist,
a liar, a cheat,
but there was one thing... Glen was not.
And that's afraid.
Glen was... not afraid.
He wasn't afraid of judgment,
of being wrong.
He wasn't afraid of friendship or romance.
A bad joke. A good laugh.
He was never afraid
of a good time, or bad timing...
or consequences...
or of an impossible task...
or any kind of danger.
And he certainly
wasn't afraid of me, ever.
[emotional music playing]
No matter how hard
or unfair life was to Glen...
Glen loved life back.
He embraced it without reservation,
regret, or remorse.
And that is...
rare.
I wish--
I wish more people
were unafraid like Glen.
It's the thing about him
I'll miss the most.
And I hope it'll be some time before...
all my memories of him...
start to fade.
[theme music playing]